Cooperative Systems (Coopsys) is a leading information technology services provider with offices in Hartford and Boston and was recently named as one of the Best Places to Work in Connecticut for the third year in a row! Think of us as an outsourced IT department: We strategically optimize and protect infrastructure 24x7 while performing day-to-day maintenance that keeps users from experiencing downtime. We are passionate and dedicated to our mission of providing exceptional service and support to our customers. So, why is Cooperative Systems one of the best places to work in Connecticut? Sure, there are arcade games in the break room, and lots of fun outings to enjoy, like bowling and cooking competitions, but the perks are not what drives the Coopsys team to perform at their best every day. It’s about being part of a collective energy and making meaningful contributions. Cooperative Systems excels at creating a culture where employees feel purposeful, connected, challenged, and valued. Each member of the team is essential – the team gels. The absence of one is a detriment to all. Taking a proactive approach to creating a happy workplace, and committing to innovative improvements, is what makes Cooperative Systems a great place to work. And happy employees equal happy customers. We are growing and looking for more superstars to join our team. If you believe in our mission and our culture resonates with you, then we want to meet you. Responsibilites: Respond to and repair Network Server Issues. Respond to and repair Network Equipment Issues. Occasionally respond to and repair Desktop Computer Issues. Perform technical projects and work with project lead as assigned. Configuration & support of Network Equipment, Network Servers, and Desktop Computers. Remote support & configuration of Network Equipment, Network Servers, and Desktop Computers. Experience and Knowledge of Windows Server and Active Directory environments. (Server 2003, 2008, SBS 2003, 2008, 2011) Experience and Knowledge of Virtualization Technology (VMWare preferred) Experience and Knowledge of Microsoft Exchange (2003, 2007, 2010) Perform administrative duties including but not limited to logging hours, providing customer documentation, and using company-approved data entry system. Obtain training and certifications to further goals of self and the company. Provide ideas/insights as to new products or services that the company can offer its clients. Skills and Education: Computer skills including knowledge of Desktop, Server, and Network Operating Systems. Current Server-level certification (MCIT). Understand network topologies, IP routing, switching, etc. Current Network-level certification (CCNA) a plus. Minimum 3 years of equivalent experience.
