Flight Services & Systems, Inc., a nationwide airline services company has multiple openings for the position of Ticket Agent. Hiring Immediately, no experience required. Agents will typically be scheduled 25 to 29 hours per week. $10.10 per hour. This position will be based at Portland International Airport (PWM). For more information regarding Flight Services & Systems, Inc., go to FSSPeople.com. FORWARD RESUME to KJacobs @FSSPeople.com- include the days and hours you are available to work. You will be required to present valid identification to the Portland Airport Authority if you are hired. You must bring these documents with you when you are scheduled for an interview. These documents must be presented to the airport authority to complete the required security background check which is required by Federal Regulations for all individuals that work in an airport in the United States. The following are the identification documents that you will be required to present to the airport authority: Valid Driver's License or State ID Social Security Card Certified U.S. Birth Certificate or Valid Passport or Valid Alien Registration Documents MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS – for all FSS Positions Must be at least 18 years of age Must be free of Disqualifying Crime Convictions as is determined by the TSA Must have High School Diploma or GED Must be able to speak, read and write English fluently Must be a U.S. Citizen or Authorized to work in the United States Previous commercial airline or airline services ticket/gate agent experience preferred not required Previous customer service experience preferred not required GENERAL RESPONSIBLITIES FOR ALL FSS POSITIONS Correct and report to your supervisor any safety hazards that may exist immediately Complete all work responsibilities in compliance with all FSS, Airline, Airport, FAA & TSA regulations and procedures Provide excellent customer services to your FSS co-workers, FSS corporate , airline passengers and airline/airport employeesAdhere to all safety and security regulations and procedures at all times Proactively solve problems, including but limited to on time performance Record all work hours and meal breaks correctly by clocking in/out properly Report all tips received each day when you clock out When authorized by location management – overtime is mandatory and must be worked Ensure acceptable attendance at all times – be on time and if you are going to be absence or late you must call in 4 hrs prior to your scheduled reporting time Resolve passenger issues, answer questions, assist passengers and airline employees and co-workers as required Only complete responsibilities for which you have been trained – never undertake a job that you have not received training for Operate job specific equipment and drive vehicles (if required) properly, effectively and safety Flexibility in responsibilities - responsibilities are subject to be added, changed or eliminated due to business necessity. You may be trained and transferred either completely or partially to other positions and accounts as is deemed necessary by location management and/or corporate management at any time and without notice. Flexibility in Scheduling – schedules are based on business necessity and may be changed at any time without notice. This includes hours of work and days off. Communicate effectively with location, FSS corporate, airline/airport management and TSA and other government representatives as is required Ticket Agent Job Specific Responsibilities Assist Passengers in purchasing tickets for flight – Issuance of boarding passes Enter and retrieve information from computerized systemsCheck passenger baggage and ensure inspection by TSA in compliance with policies and procedures Reconcile daily receipts and prepare reports as required Complete passenger boarding process Maintain al records and ensure all ticket counter responsibilities are in compliance to FAA/TSA/Airline/FSS policies and procedures Assist disabled/elderly passengers in boarding aircraft and disembarking from aircraft in compliance with all policies and policies Resolve passenger issues, answer questions and provide general assistance to passengerAssist passengers with lost/misdirected baggage claims Job Type: Part-time Salary: $10.10 /hour Local candidates only: Portland, ME Required education: High school or equivalent
