Bankers Life is growing and recruiting intelligent, dedicated, passionate, outgoing professionals to meet the needs of our exploding market. With an average of 10,000 Baby Boomers retiring every day, there has never been a better time to be in our industry. Qualifications for the Entry Level Sales Representative: Our field force comes from diverse professional backgrounds, but we find that our top sales performers all share many of the following: Excellent communication skills Customer service or retail sales experience Experience prospecting, networking and new business development Sales Representatives will: Consult with individuals Sell life, health, or other personal lines of insurance Maintain client relationships Bankers Life Benefits: Opportunity for six figure income - We have agents earning $100K+ and veteran agents earning $300K+ Leads! - Company-sponsored lead programs Award-winning sales training - Bankers Life training program was ranked #52 in the world in 2014 by Training Magazine Trips and sales incentives - Opportunity to earn numerous production-based award trips and incentives Technology support - Quick and easy access to pertinent insurance product and sales information available anytime, anywhere Career path opportunities Bankers Life provides robust support throughout your career so that you can continue to grow, challenge yourself, and achieve success. With a rich history dating back to 1879, Bankers Life has grown from our founder’s simple wish to make insurance affordable. Today we remain true to our heritage. Strength, stability and service shape our culture as we help provide financial security solutions for the middle-income retirement market. From more than 300 offices across the country, our 5,000 insurance agents live and work in the communities they serve. Bankers Life and Casualty Company is an Equal Opportunity Company M/F/D/H. Bankers Life is the marketing brand of Bankers Life and Casualty Company, select policies sold by Colonial Penn Life Insurance Company and select policies sold in New York by Bankers Conseco Life Insurance Company (BCLIC). BCLIC is authorized to sell insurance in New York; Home Office: Jericho, New York. Administrative office: Chicago, Illinois.
