Dream it, Design it, Build it. BitVoyant delivers security-related and business intelligence products and services based on unique data, advanced capabilities, and in-depth analysis. We’re a growing company with amazing prospects looking to grow the team to collaborate on serving our existing customers in a fun, high-energy environment. To do that, we need world-class back end developers proficient in Python to work in a highly skilled, nimble development team. We do cool stuff with data. So if you are a Python Engineer with back end experience and a willingness to learn new technologies, please read on! General We’ve got customers (big ones!) but we’re still evolving. It’s a dynamic, fast-paced environment. We need folks who are not only comfortable with a little chaos, but who are driven to find and tame it. You can’t solve a problem that you don’t understand, so we’d love to see folks with some security background. SOC or analysis experience would be ideal, but any infosec work would serve. We can teach this part to anyone willing to learn, though. The group is still small; we’re expanding the core team. And we’d really like the core team to work in the same physical space. So we prefer folks who live or can relocate to northern Virginia, near DC. It’s a team-driven environment, and we need everyone to have great communication skills. To illustrate their own ideas, sure – but more importantly to listen and incorporate with other ideas. Did we mention it’s a team-oriented environment? That means everyone needs to understand everyone else’s point of view to some extent. The analysts need to know what tooling is possible and why; the developers need to understand how their data models define those possibilities; and the infrastructure engineers need to know how database index choices can make the difference between easy and infeasible, all the way up the stack. Backend Software Development This team builds bridges. We’ve already got some backend code in Python, so there’s a definite preference there. But it’s more important to have deep intuitions about making good data models and APIs. Building software can get really complicated really quick. So we need folks who understand DevOps; who are passionate about docs and tests; and who know those things save time, not waste it. The environment is fun, friendly, collaborative, and is really fast-paced: schedules are measured in days, not weeks, and our team is obsessed with delivering world-class quality data and services. The Day to Day: Develop web apps and APIs people use every day Find ways to make apps fun and natural, so users intuitively know how to work the app Build apps and back-end frameworks that are maintainable, flexible and scalable (think Terabytes) Anticipate tomorrow's problems by understanding of what users are trying to accomplish Desired Skills and Experience 10 years professional software experience in a dynamic design and development environment with at least 3 years experience in Python a must. Inquisitive and creative with a focus on unique approaches to problem solving. Experience with Source Code Management Tools (GitLab) Knowledge of standard TTPs for optimizing and testing code Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment Phenomenal testing principles (and perseverance), incl. perhaps a grounding in basic stats Excellent communication and collaboration skills Willingness to fulfill multiple roles BS in Computer Science (but equivalent real-world experience is even better) Experience with several database types: key/value (redis) document (Mongo) graph (Neo4J) and multimodel (Arango) Demonstrated interest/experience in high performance, scalable systems Enthusiasm, team-contributor mindset and obsessive attention to detail Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: Rosslyn, VA Required experience: professional software development in a dynamic design environment; 3 years Python: 10 years Required education: Bachelor's
