Company Profile Founded in 2004 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Wireless Advocates is a third-party provider of wireless products, and services both online and in more than 1,000 retail locations nationwide. In partnership with Fortune 200 channel partners and wireless carriers, the company delivers high-value products and services from the leading wireless carriers. Together with our knowledgeable team of on-site wireless professionals, we help consumers connect and communicate every day. Wireless Advocates operate retail kiosks and online sales activities for our retail partners: Costco Wholesale, Army & Air Force Exchange Services (AAFES), Marine Corps Exchange (MCX), and Navy Exchange (NEX). Wireless Advocates is proud of its relationships with partners in building successful wireless operations within their stores. Our private label sales kiosks integrate effortlessly into the retail environments, delivering customers with a great experience. Core Functions The District Sales Manager is responsible for achieving Company objectives and executing initiatives,programs and procedures to ensure complete compliance and achievement in the areas of store financialresults, customer service, operations, merchandising, marketing and staff training and development. Communications Ensures complete and timely communication of Company objectives, policies and initiative throughout the District. Leads and assists Wireless managers in maximizing positive results in the area of Company change and growth through ongoing, proactive and effective downward communication. Fosters an environment of open and upward communication with all staff to insure positive employee morale, effective conflict resolution and upward flow of creative ideas for the benefit of the Company and its employees. Sales Performance Attains District financial goals by directing Wireless managers in their efforts and execution of individual store financial goals and attainment of all Company sales initiatives. Develops and leads Wireless Managers and store personnel to be proactive in new business development, sales process execution, customer service, cost control and their ability to properly analyze and take corrective measures in all areas. Personnel Development Teaches, leads and coaches Wireless Managers to increase their effectiveness, efficiency and productivity through continually improving the following areas: Time Management Coaching and Communication Skills Leadership Development Sales Analysis Problem-solving Skills Interpersonal Relations Store Operations and Preparation – Achieves all operational objectives for the District and individual store personnel, ensuring compliance with all company policies and procedures by all personnel. Customer Service – Ensures excellent execution by Kiosk Managers and store personnel of Wireless Advocates minimum accepted standards of internal and external customer service. Hiring – Hires and promotes quality field personnel in a timely manner that exceed the accepted minimum standards of the Company. Marketing and Merchandising – Executes all Company merchandising and marketing plans and programs, ensuring precise and timely set-up, excellent execution, accurate and timely performance feedback. Loss Prevention – Ensures the effective maintenance and protection of company assets, including physical structures, inventory, personnel and all financial assets. Self Development – Actively continues self-development process by gaining knowledge and further building skills as a professional businessperson, manager and leader. We’ve Got You Covered At Wireless Advocates, LLC., our people are our greatest asset. We are dedicated to providing our employees the tools to succeed, as well as to maintain a healthy work-life balance. Wireless Advocates offers the following benefits: Medical, Dental, and Vision Healthcare Coverage 401(k) with company match Company Paid Commuter Program Paid Vacation Paid Holidays Skills/Qualifications 2+ years of prior successful District Sales Manager experience, preferably in consumer electronics Wireless communications product knowledge Effective communication, organizational and time management skills Must demonstrate prior success in employee development, participation in problem-solving, relationship building with customers High level of ambition Management of store, and/or District personnel Willingness to travel a significant amount of the time Strong customer service orientation Demonstrated leadership by example in a changing environment Objectivity, interpersonal, facilitation and coaching skills Willingness to uphold Company policies and procedures Background Investigation and Drug Screen This position is covered by company drug screen and alcohol policy. Applicants are subject to pre-employment drug screen testing and background investigation.Wireless Advocates, LLC is an equal employment opportunity employer as well as a drug and alcohol free work environment.
