HawkEye 360 uses a constellation of small satellites in low Earth orbit (LEO) to generate reports on wireless signals that can be used to track and monitor global transportation networks, assist with emergencies, as well as provide other data analytics services to a broad range of customers. The company seeks to provide highly accurate maritime situational awareness by collecting information about vessels from multiple sources to create a wealth of current and historical data useful for commercial planning and monitoring as well as emergency response. HawkEye will generate similar data for airborne and land-based transportation and logistics industries. Role: Senior Software Radio Engineer The signal processing team will design, implement and support the data pipeline from the spacecraft RF payload through the generation of RF metadata. Team members will produce RF processing solutions to feed post-processors developed by the analytics team, finding optimal ways to utilize both the space-based compute platform and the ground station architecture. Processing team engineers will work with the analytics team to define shared architectural interfaces and inform the creation of data-analytic requirements for RF metadata products. The team will coordinate with the space systems team to derive hardware requirements for signal processing and will build and maintain ground-station compute and networking hardware required to integrate with the data analytics processing architecture. Responsibilities: Report to the Director of Processing, interface with members of the space systems team and analytics team. Implement & optimize data flow and processing on ground station computing platforms. Develop heterogeneous processing solutions to enable increasingly capable applications within system constraints. Develop modeling and simulation software to predict and validate performance metrics for processing payloads both on-spacecraft and at ground station. Develop for the embedded systems that comprise the spacecraft processing payload. Develop modeling and simulation software to predict and validate performance metrics for processing payloads both on-spacecraft and at ground station. Create simulations and tests to verify embedded hardware design and architecture of the RF processing payload for satellite readiness. Co-design the communications system payload and ground station design with members of the space systems team to optimize performance and throughput. Requirements: 5+ years professional experience developing signal processing applications in software. PhD or MS in e.c.e, mathematics, statistics, physics or another quantitative field with relevant coursework in both the theory and implementation of digital signal processing algorithms. Particularly strong work experience in the field may qualify applicants with alternative or lesser degrees. Solid experience developing software as part of a team using C/C++ and Python, especially in relation to developing signal processing applications. Experience specifically with GNU Radio, or with software defined radio packages generally, a strong plus. Facility developing and manipulating RF processing applications with an emphasis on phy-level processes such as synchronization and demodulation for various modulation schemes. Experience or demonstrated ability to design for embedded Linux platforms, preferably with experience delivering board support. Familiarity optimizing code, including the use of SIMD instructions via native intrinsics and assembly. History of success developing for FPGA using RTL Verilog or VHDL preferred. Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: Herndon, VA Required experience: SW dev using C/C++ and Python, especially in relation to developing signal processing applications: 3 years Required education: Master's
