What We Do: Ideal Innovations, Inc. (I3), a Northern Virginia-based consulting firm with world-wide operations provides cutting-edge solutions to government and private industries most urgent technological, scientific, managerial and security requirements. The company is dedicated to providing out-of-the-box solutions to difficult technical problems. Since its founding in 1998, it has experienced rapid growth due to its ability to respond rapidly and comprehensively to emerging client needs. How You'll Fit: Support PM Biometrics’ Joint Personnel Identification (JPI) Program. The JPI Program is comprised of multimodal biometric equipment/components that collect and compare fingerprints, iris images and facial photos in allied, threat and neutral environments inclusive of installation/remote access equipment/peripherals for enrollments and match data submission to a central repository. Duties: Work collaboratively with a diverse team of software developers, test engineers, and system administrators in a fast paced environment to sustain and evolve mission critical biometric intelligence systems; must be knowledgeable of Visual Basic application development and current with .NET technologies to include C# and SQL Server; possess some experience with the full software development lifecycle (SDLC) using either waterfall and/or agile (Scrum) methodologies; participate in all phases of system development with emphasis on planning, design, prototyping, integration, testing and acceptance phases (IV&V and DT&E); must be able to work independently on specific assignments and dependably deliver quality products on schedule; prepare design documentation, white papers and other technical documents for presentation to the customer as required; perform feasibility analysis, investigations into technology, and prototyping on potential future projects; and must demonstrate a high degree of problem solving ability, initiative, and be able to communicate effectively in both written and spoken form. Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or related scientific or technical discipline (8 years of direct relevant technical experience may be substituted for education); five years’ experience in software engineering; experience developing applications using .NET Framework 3.5+ using C# and Visual Basic 6.0; Demonstrate experience with Visual Studio integrated development environment and Model driven development (UML); sustain Microsoft-based applications using either a waterfall or agile methodology as appropriate; estimate effort, designs approaches, documents solutions, and codes software in support of continued sustainment of existing applications and new capabilities. U.S. Citizen Desired Skills: Experience: Designing & building software in a DoD environment; building systems that comply with IA controls; in an agile development environment, preferably Scrum; working with a Distributed Version Control System such as Git or Mercurial; configuring and integrating applications with the Microsoft security model (Windows and Active Directory); and integrating third party controls and libraries into .NET applications. * Previous experience with: JavaScript incl. JQuery and Angular JS; WCF - Windows Communication Foundation Web services; and ASP .Net Model View Controller. * Knowledge of Electronic Biometric Transmission Standard (EBTS) file formats * Understanding of biometrics software develop kits Clearance: Current US Secret Clearance Location: Herndon, VA Apply: Online at https://www.idealinnovations.com/careers Ideal Innovations, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status. Ideal Innovations, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Software Engineering: Visual Basic and C#: 5 years Required education: Bachelor's
