Company Description Leading Products – Innovative Ideas – Exceptional People ….MicroStrategy, A Dynamic Place to Work! At MicroStrategy, we are passionate about creating powerful, disruptive technologies that transform how companies do business. Innovative products and ultimately our success are rooted in one driving force—our people. Our casual and flexible environment encourages creativity and collaboration, so you’ll have the opportunity to initiate and contribute to challenging projects, while pursuing your interests and developing, both professionally and personally. Bring us your passion, curiosity, and fresh ideas, and be a part of technology innovation at its best! Job Description As a Software Engineer at MicroStrategy on the Secure Cloud, Provisioning Team, you’ll be part of an Agile software development team performing java and Open Stack development. In this role, you’ll provide our customers with the most powerful, scalable, and user-friendly platforms for analytics, mobility, and security. You’ll play a key role in enabling MicroStrategy products to be best-in-breed and optimized for leading organizations to analyze Big Data and distribute actionable business insight across their enterprise. Role and Responsibilities: Lead the design and implementation of Secure Cloud applications and features. Proactively participate in every aspect of the entire software development lifecycle of feature development, including input on specifications, designs, implementation, test design, test implementation, optimization, and delivery. Research the latest in Amazon and Automation technologies, ensuring best practices are continuously brought into the company for continuous improvement. Participate in peer code reviews, knowledge sharing, and SCRUM meetings. Minimum Qualifications/Experience/Skills: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in CIS, Computer Science, or a related field. Strong command of JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and experience in SPA frameworks (Angular, Ember, React) Experience working with GitHub, Jenkins, TDD, CI frameworks, Mocha, Maven, Grunt, responsive design, and RESTful APIs. Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and related technologies. Strong CS and OOP fundamentals. Strong debugging, analytical and problem-solving skills. Experience developing software applications and features in an Agile environment. Demonstrate strong communication skills, attention to detail, and drive to deliver best-in-class software products for industry. Job Type: Full-time
