At Element 84, we’re a small company that builds ambitious software products for clients whose needs range from big to colossal. National movie streaming services, petabyte Earth data repositories, satellite data, we take on the big lifts from names you’ve heard of. We’re growing fast, and we're looking for software engineers to work on the Common Metadata Repository (CMR) team, part of NASA's EED Program. Envied for its speed and reliability, the CMR is a repository for 300 million earth science metadata records from around the world, receiving approximately 1.5 million queries per week. It's been developed in Clojure, providing a unique development environment that allows for the creation of a high performance system. Want to know more? Have a look at NASA's website -- it's a big, respected, and scientifically important project. Requirements: 3 - 5 years of experience as a Software Engineer using languages on the JVM (Clojure, JRuby, Java). Ability to work as a member of small team using the Agile Development methodology. Firm commitment to automated testing and continuous integration. Proponent of continuous improvement and willingness to bring new ideas to the team. Degree in a technical major, such as Computer Science or Engineering. Be authorized to work in the US without sponsorship. Desired Skills Experience with Clojure, Elasticsearch, AWS, HTML/CSS/JavaScript, Ruby on Rails. Experience with Geographic information systems (GIS). Experience developing on MacOS X and deploying to Red Hat Enterprise Linux. Benefits: Paying attention to who we are -- as a company, as people, as family members, friends, and colleagues, is probably the biggest part of who we are. There are lots of ways to run a company and you have probably experienced more than your share. For us, it's wanting to come to work, being around people we enjoy, taking on big things with people you trust, and sharing our achievements as a team. You’ll get credit when things go right and we’ll have your back when things go wrong. We only take on work that is challenging and right for us. There are projects we will turn down and the team has a say. We may be a small company, but we have big company benefits meant to support the idea that we're here for the long term and that happiness comes from much more than just where you work, including 401k, health & dental insurance, life & disability insurance, flexible schedule, cell phone stipend, flexible spending accounts for transportation and dependent care and a generous PTO policy. Plus, a little happiness where you work too -- cinema displays, an award-winning candy bowl, amazing restaurants, and new offices coming soon. We have an extraordinary retention rate because we only hire extraordinary people. We hope that’s you.
