ABILITY TO OBTAIN TS/SCI SECURITY CLEARANCE IS REQUIRED FOR THIS POSITION BigBear, Inc.is a leading provider of big data computing and analytic solutions. We help people make sense of their data using our cloud-based platform and big data processing algorithms. Each day, we crunch massive volumes of structured and unstructured data, into usable and actionable information for our customers. Job Description: We currently have an immediate position available for a Software Engineer to support development of next generation web applications, products, and services. As a member of our core team, you will have an exciting and challenging opportunity to work with emerging technology, modernize intelligence applications, and enjoy a friendly workplace. Responsibilities: Work at the customer site as part of a large team developing crowd sourceETL and large enterprise intelligencesystems using Postgres, Neo4j, Apache Solr, Redis, Python, Django and Unix/Shell. Prototype and develop unit tests, integration tests, and perform code refactoring. Perform requirements analysis, design, and develop technical documentation. Participate in research and development ofrapidly growing intelligence enterprisesystems. Build logging, graphing and relationship analysis capabilities. Integrate and build web applications with analytical frameworks and APIs. Work successfully with internal and external teams and conduct capability briefings. Domestic travel as needed. Minimum Requirements: B.S. degree in Computer Science, related field, or equivalent experience. Must be able to obtain a Top Secret/SCI Security Clearance – US Citizenship Required. Solid experience with Python, Django, Solr, Elastic Search, Neo4j, JSON, Redis, CSV, XML, KML, and HTML. Minimum of 5 years software engineering experience. Must have solid skills working with Unix based platforms including Linux, and CentOS. Must have solid experience integrating web applications withPostgreSQL and NOSQL databases. Must have solid experience integrating various types of data including CSV and JSON from multiple sources. Solid experience working with BitBucket, GIT, and JIRA repository tools. Ability to present your solutions to various customer stakeholders. Ability to solve technical problems creatively and effectively. Up-to-date with the latest technology trends, and techniques. Experience developing GIS applications is a strong plus. CISSP or Security+ certification is a strong plus. Strong communication and leadership skills. If you are interested in this immediate opportunity please submit your professional resume. BigBear is an Equal Opportunity Employer Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Software engineering experience: 5 years
