MarketResearch.com is looking for a Software Engineer to work in its corporate office in Rockville, MD. The ideal candidate will be a highly talented and competent professional able to work both independently and collaboratively. This role is to build and maintain the organization’s portfolio of web sites and services. This includes designing, building, and implementing new web pages and sites; integrating sites with back end applications; migrating legacy applications; and performing day-to-day administration of the organization’s web portfolio. Use of a variety of web development languages is required. Responsibilities Analyze, design, develop, implement, and support company’s portfolio of market intelligence platforms and services. Analyze requirements and develop functional and technical specifications. Develop, code, install, test, debug, maintain, and document web applications. Work with database developer to design, develop, and update databases as they relate to web applications. Take lead on development projects and provide guidance to junior developers Conduct research into current and emerging web technologies and issues in support of web development efforts. Diagnose and troubleshoot problems with existing web applications and sites. Ensure security of all web sites and related applications. Perform periodic code audits. Participate in setting organizational web development strategy. Track and update bugs, enhancements, and source changes in source control and bug tracking software. Other duties as necessary. Position Requirements 5+ years of strong experience coding multi-layered .NET web applications in a Windows environment. 5+ years of experience developing for SQL Server, including writing custom queries, views, triggers, and stored procedures. In-depth knowledge of web technologies, protocols, and tools including HTTP, REST, AJAX, .NET Framework, MVC, enterprise search. Strong understanding of programming languages and tools, including C#, ASP.NET, JavaScript, XML, XPath, HTML, CSS, T-SQL, Regular Expressions, MS Visual Studio 2012, VSS, TFS, Visio. Thorough understanding of application development and object oriented methodologies. Experience in gathering and analyzing business requirements. Good understanding of the organization’s goals and objectives. Excellent analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities; keen attention to detail. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to interact with project leads, developers, and other team members. Excellent documentation and organizational skills. Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Highly self-motivated and directed. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field and/or equivalent work experience. We offer a professional work environment with excellent potential for career development. Comprehensive benefits package includes medical, dental, 401(k) Plan, and more. Competitive salaries will be commensurate with experience. MarketResearch.com is a growing company with a high standard of excellence. We work in a casual and fun working environment and welcome people with an entrepreneurial spirit. MarketResearch.com is an employee-friendly and focused company with headquarters in Rockville, MD and locations in New York City, NY, and London, UK. MarketResearch.com is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. If you are interested in this opportunity, please forward your cover letter, resume and salary requirements Job Type: Full-time Required experience: .NET Web applications, developing for SQL Server: 5 years
