Brief Project Description: Are you interested in powering change, making an impact and joining a team that’s passionate about development? Are you interested in learning SharePoint? Then this is the right position for you! Join our team located at the Foggy Bottom location supporting the Department of State, and jump start your career! Security Clearance: US Citizenship required. This position will process you for a Secret clearance. Candidates will begin work with an Interim Secret clearance. Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for potential access to classified information. Accordingly, US Citizenship is required Responsibilities include but not limited to: Provide SharePoint development and customization support through various technology and methods including but not limited to: Server Side development using C# .NET and the SharePoint Object Model Building custom features, solutions, Visual Studio workflows, event receivers and event handlers using C# .NET Development using .NET Framework, C#, ASP.NET, Web forms, MVC, or JavaScript/JQuery Client Side Development using HTML 5, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, or Client Side Object Model Development of custom Web Services and APIs Development with both Visual Studio and Designer workflows Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Experience developing in .NET Framework, C#, ASP.NET, Web forms, MVC, or JavaScript/JQuery Experience working Agile SCRUM Ability to work both independently and as a team member Must have strong analytical skills Educational/Training Requirement: Bachelor’s Degree and 2 years of relevant experience required. Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA): Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job duties of the position. MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees, and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $80,000.00 /year Required experience: US citizenship, C#, .Net: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's
