Job Description – Network Engineer/Systems Administrator Title Network Engineer/Systems Administrator Description The Network Engineer/Systems Administrator’s role is to ensure proper computer operation and integrity of in-house voice, data, and wireless network servicesso that end users can accomplish business tasks as well as assist in the installation, monitoring, maintenance, support, and optimization of all network hardware, software, and communication links. This includes receiving, prioritizing, documenting, and actively resolving help requests and acting proactively upon normal monitoring. Problem resolution may involve the use of diagnostic and help request tracking tools, as well as require that the individual give in-person, hands-on help.This individual will also analyze and resolve network hardware and software problems in a timely and accurate fashion, and provide end user training where required. Responsibilities Strategy & Planning Evaluate documented resolutions and analyze trends for ways to prevent future problems. Create and maintain documentation as it relates to network configuration, network mapping, processes, and service records. Develop, implement and maintain policies, procedures, and associated training plans for network administration, usage, and disaster recovery. Acquisition & Deployment Design and deploy company LANs, WANs, and wireless networks, including servers, desktops, routers, hubs, switches, UPSs, and other hardware. Oversee new and existing equipment, hardware, and software upgrades. Interact and negotiate with vendors, outsourcers, and contractors to secure network products and services. * Operational Management Configure networks to ensure their smooth and reliable operation for fulfilling business objectives and processes. Monitor network performance and troubleshoot problem areas as needed. Oversee installation, configuration, maintenance, and troubleshooting of end user workstation hardware, software, and peripheral devices. Build rapport and elicit problem details from customers. Prioritize and schedule problems. Escalate problems (when required) to the appropriately experienced technician. Record, track, and document the help desk request problem-solving process, including all successful and unsuccessful decisions made, and actions taken, through to final resolution. Apply diagnostic utilities to aid in troubleshooting. Access software updates, drivers, knowledge bases, and frequently asked questions resources on the Internet to aid in problem resolution. Identify and learn appropriate software and hardware used and supported by the organization. Perform hands-on fixes at the desktop level, including installing and upgrading software, installing hardware, implementing file backups, and configuring systems and applications. Install anti-virus software. Performing preventative maintenance, including checking and cleaning of workstations, printers, and peripherals. Test fixes to ensure problem has been adequately resolved. Perform post-resolution follow-ups to help requests. Monitor network performance and troubleshoot problem areas as needed. Oversee installation, configuration, maintenance, and troubleshooting of end user workstation hardware, software, and peripheral devices. Ensure network connectivity of all servers, workstations, telephony equipment, fax machines, and other network appliances. Manage servers, including database, e-mail, print, and backup servers and their associated operating systems and software. Practice network asset management, including maintenance of network component inventory and related documentation and technical specifications information. Monitor and test network performance and provide network performance statistics and reports. Position Requirements Formal Education College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science and/or equivalent work experience. Knowledge & Experience Proven experience and success with LAN, WAN, WLAN, and WWAN design and implementation. Proven experience with network capacity planning, network security principles, and general network management best practices. Strong, hands-on technical knowledge of network and PC operating systems, including MS Windows and Linux Working knowledge of a range of diagnostic utilities. Exceptional written and oral communication skills. Strong documentation skills. Personal Attributes Ability to conduct research into a wide range of computing issues as required. Ability to absorb and retain information quickly. Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language. Highly self-motivated and directed. Keen attention to detail. Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Exceptional customer service orientation. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Work Conditions On-call availability 7-14 days per month. Sitting for extended periods of time. Occasional inspection of cables in floors and ceilings. Lifting and transporting of moderately heavy objects, such as computers and peripherals. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $50,000.00 /year Local candidates only: Buffalo, NY Required experience: Network Engineer / Systems Adminstrator: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's
