U.S. Citizenship and Top Secret CLEARANCE is absolutely required. CENTRA Technology, Inc. is a leading provider of engineering, scientific, and program management support services to some of the top agencies in the U.S. government, including the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), NASA, the Department of Homeland Security and the intelligence community. CENTRA is currently seeking talented, enthusiastic, and dynamic individuals to support DARPA in formulating, coordinating, monitoring, and transitioning advanced research and development programs to the U.S. military. Currently, Arlington, Virginia office is seeking an engineer to support cutting-edge, advanced aerospace technology development efforts at DARPA to include trade studies, performance analysis, hardware design, development and test. Required technical qualifications: Demonstrated experience in modern software development and test approaches Familiarity with cyber security related software requirements and test techniques Experience in the application of software and hardware in the loop testing Experience with real time operating systems Experience in the development and certification of mission critical software Experience in leading program and development activities with technical teams Demonstrated experience managing schedule, budget and program risks for fast-paced advanced technology programs Ability to quickly identify and resolve program execution issues Experience in defense-related technology research and/or development programs Recognized as a leader or expert in aerospace subsystems Program and management responsibilities may include: Providing technical support and subject matter expertise in monitoring the execution of advanced technology development and demonstration programs. Performing independent technical assessments and feasibility analyses of new technologies and system designs. Aiding in the test planning, monitoring, and reporting on tests and demonstrations. Supporting technical interchange meetings and design reviews. Leading programmatic and technical discussions with government and industry teams. Performing program oversight of program activity scheduling and milestone and ensuring all critical elements are addressed. Providing program management and acquisition support. Authoring and presenting program plans, status briefings and technical reports. Candidates will work closely with Government Program Managers as well as high level personnel throughout the government and industry research and development communities. Applicants must be technically strong and possess superior oral and written communications skills. Candidates should be self-starters capable of working both independently and as part of a team. Travel is required up to 33%. A minimum of a PhD or Master’s degree with 10 years of relevant experience or Bachelor’s degree with 5 years of relevant experience. CENTRA Technology, Inc. provides analytic services and systems engineering to US Government and commercial customers. We have offices in Burlington, MA and Arlington, VA. CENTRA Technology, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. CENTRA offers a full range of benefits, including competitive salary, comprehensive health plan including dental coverage, company-paid life & disability insurance policies, 401(k) plan with company match and profit-sharing, ESOP, incentive bonuses, and a generous educational reimbursement program. #CJPost Interested candidates should apply using the button below.
