At OneWeb, we’re launching the world’s largest constellation of satellites to provide affordable, high-speed Internet access for the world’s unconnected. We realize this isn’t easy, but it is both achievable and too important not to do. Eliminating extreme poverty, enabling relief for communities during emergencies or disasters, providing health care, clean water and education, starting a business, individual empowerment and civic transparency are all important goals for billions of people who share our planet. Internet access is the oxygen of prosperity and a foundation for solving these global issues. Our role is as a technology and infrastructure provider. Mobile carriers, ISP’s and other partners globally will sell and manage the services on the ground. We see this as the most cost effective way, with the help of our partners, to accomplish our mission. We believe in this mission. This project is large and challenging and we need lots of help. Thanks to our growing list of committed partners who share this vision, over the next few years we will enable the world-wide web to be truly world-wide. Come join the team that is making communication ubiquitous on a global scale and know that your job matters. The Infrastructure Software Engineer will provide software framework development support for various Fleet Operations Ground Segment technical efforts. This individual will assume an integral role in designing and building complex computing platforms that can scale through orders of magnitude to support OneWeb Fleet Operations. This individual must be familiar with core/backend software and hardware components of large-scale server applications. The candidate shall demonstrate the ability to work with minimal supervision and experience in working in agile team environment. Duties will include building highly scaled data storage, to synchronization and coordination of large server clusters, to integrate system monitor and control applications, to providing a runtime environment for front end mission operation command & control, mission planning, and flight dynamics system. Duties will also include performing the infrastructure software and hardware integration and test activities involving integration sequences relative to complex software and hardware subsystems in the Fleet Operations Ground Segment. Finally, this position will require working closely with systems engineers, software engineers, and mission operation team. Required skills and experience: 5+ years of Java/C++ experience Experience in Unix/Linux based development environment Solid experience with XML programming and application development involving Relational Database Management Experience in designing and developing RESTful web services and JavaScript Experience with Python and other scripting languages. Experience in building large-scale server applications Experience and knowledge related to software discipline process development and deployment Solid understanding of virtualization technology Bachelor of Science, BS in a Computer Science or Engineering related field, additional education and training through an advanced technical degree or continuous learning is highly desired
