DJ Business Solutions is seeking an engineering leader with execution experience in the strategic planning, development, integration, independent verification and validation (IVV) and installation of financial and programmatic systems. Work will include strategic planning and execution to modernize systems at large Federal agencies including DoD. The IVV Chief Engineer provides technical and programmatic leadership to drive engineering rigor into the Hardware, Software and Systems engineering organization so that the plan, integration, test and deployment of the systems can be completed effectively and on schedule. This Chief Engineer role is an oversight role in that involves keeping the IVV plans and execution of several high visibility programs on track. This role also involves improving the engineering rigor of the planning, execution, historical data archiving processes at the site. Talent improvement through training, mentoring and strategic hiring is key to improving execution. Risk management and communication is essential. The involved government systems and programs have project specific Federal lChief Engineers, HW leads, SW leads and Test Directors so this role involves oversight of the planning, management and work products being produced by a given program. IV&V partners real time with the program Chief Engineer for all technical decisions throughout the complete program life cycle including changes and Risk and Opportunity management. Activities include: Provide technical leadership in IVV across the breadth of program. Work closely with external customers and internal Federal leadership in the development of technical roadmaps, strategic planning and program execution. Oversee and guide the development product and test architectures leveraging core capabilities and identify opportunities for innovation. Technical leadership of peer groups, and provide technical mentoring to programs as subject matter expert for program IVV efforts. Conduct critical design reviews, integration readiness reviews, test readiness reviews, and failure review boards. Support the development and flow down of IVV requirements, performance modeling, simulation and analysis. Interface with the Federal CIO customer with their IVV team leads, team members, and other teams (SW and HW) on a daily basis, conduct or participate in customer and/or program technical review presentations, and provide task progress status updates and work products to the team lead. Author IVV technical volume and cost estimates for new business pursuits. Coordinate Estimate-at-Complete packages for IVV work products and review other discipline work packages for consistency with overall program plan. Represent the Systems Verification Center at gate reviews Work with programs and Managers to staff programs. Coordinate test assets across product line Required Skills: Minimum 12 years' experience with systems development and program execution leading to major and complex system deployments. Must have experience with Integration, Verification and Validation (IVV) efforts. Must have experience creating IVV plans and bidding future work. Experience with talent development Certified Earned Value Management Cost Account Manager. Experienced presenter, with responsibility for communication and influence across all organizational levels and with customers. Examples of leading a technical team in Systems Engineering and Integration, Verification and Validation Actively engages, drives change to achieve execution excellence and solve critical issues. Must pass Federal clearance. Desired Skills: Product knowledge of Federal programs and overarching understanding of financial systems. Proposal development and authoring technical volumes Technical mentoring as subject matter expert in IVV for multi-function systems Examples of customer focus and collaboration skills Integrity, judgment and coordination Strong leadership; influencing; courage to do the right thing Business acumen to understand how decisions will impact the business health Visionary ability to see the larger picture and ability to translate it into clear discrete tasks. Full time W-2 position - looking for leaders to join the company and help the company grow. On-site work in Washington DC - all work performed at the client site Required Education: Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Science, or Mathematics Desired Education: Master's Degree in Engineering, Science, or Mathematics PhD in Engineering, Science, or Mathematics Required experience: 12 years' experience with systems development and program execution leading to system deployment Extensive experience in a CMMI environment Relevant certifications (e.g., ITIL) Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: Washington, DC Required experience: Systems Engineer: 10 years
