At SoundExchange, we are re-architecting and rebuilding our core enterprise software platform to support our rapidly growing and evolving business. Our new software platform will be a set of federated systems that are highly scalable, accurate, and modular, leveraging both custom-built and 3rd party components. We are seeking an individual to become a member of our growing Engineering team and implement SoundExchange’s software strategy. This person will be an experienced Senior Software Engineer that excels in a dynamic, fast-moving, and agile environment and is passionate about developing high quality, scalable software. Person will be responsible for the full lifecycle of software development – requirements, design, development, testing, deployment, and maintenance and support. Person will work on developing new software, reusing and repurposing our current software, and integrating custom and 3rd party systems. Person should be familiar with a variety of programming languages, enterprise software engineering concepts, models, practices, and processes. Reports to Lead Software Engineer. Responsibilities: Be part of a small, collaborative team designing and delivering internally and externally-facing software. Implement software development tools and frameworks. Perform requirements analysis, design, code, test, and maintain software. Follow established software development standards and best practices. Utilize automated software test tools and frameworks to achieve software quality. Leverage and enhance continuous build and deployment tools. Leverage and follow Agile software development practices and techniques. Interface with key stakeholders in Project Management, Business and Technology Operations to ensure high quality delivery of software projects on time and budget. Responsible for solving highly technical and complex problems. Skills and Qualifications: Requires a bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent technical field. At least 4 years of experience in software engineering/development. Proficient at designing and developing Linux-based software in Java or Python. Proficient at designing relational data models and working with relational databases. Experience in the following a plus (but not requisite): Angular, Bootstrap, Spring, AWS. Familiar and comfortable with Agile software development processes and practices. Excellent written and verbal communications and presentation skills. Proven solid analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to develop and maintain strong relationships with others. To apply, please send a cover letter and résumé to jobs@soundexchange.com . 733 10th Street NW 10th Floor Washington, D.C. 20001
