Title: Software Test Engineer (Mid-Level) Location: Washington, DC Duration: 6 months+ Role Description: Responsibilities: Working iteratively with the business and development teams through all aspects of the Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), including business requirements, functional specifications, integration and regression testing using currently testing methodologies and tools. Responsible for writing test plans, procedures and reports. Analyzing and dissecting system requirements and technical specifications to create and execute test cases for large and small applications in Web, ERP and Reporting environment. Responsible for ensuring that testing conclusions and recommendations are fully supported by test results Testing application with or without the use of formal test cases/scripts. Conducts tests and works with developers to resolve discrepancies. Participates in production implementation verification and being accountable for validating system quality. Working independently to juggle multiple simultaneous priorities with minimal supervision while keeping stakeholders informed of progress toward goals. Supporting various project leads with ad-hoc business analysis tasks. Ensures that all software and documentation is in compliance with established standards. Responsible for verifying that the test design and documentation supports applicable industry standards, time lines, and budgets, and project managers are fully informed of testing status and application deviations from documented user requirements. Prepare milestone status reports and delivers presentations on system test and evaluation concepts. Skills/Experience: In-depth problem solving skills with the ability to remain calm in stressful situations. Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external clients. Excellent oral and written communication skills with a team-player mentality. Ability to transfer knowledge and translate technical concepts to non-technical resources and coworkers. Strong organization skills and attention to detail. Multitasking expertise, with the ability to work concurrently on several projects with specific instructions that may differ from project to project. Ability to work hands-on and flexibility to work a regular schedule with additional evening and early morning hours as required. Responsible for creating and maintaining test artifacts and creating data for testing purposes. Familiarity to setup JMeter and creating JMeter scripts, scenarios, execute and analyze script to evaluate performance of the application. Familiarity with selenium, testing, maven. Creation of selenium scripts, execution and reporting, use of eclipse or similar IDE. Possesses a Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Computer Science, IT, or a related field. Seven (7) + years of experience with automated and manual testing in a rigorous software testing environment. Must have experience in Windows or Unix operating systems, and testing methodology. Experience with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and all aspects of application development phases from design through deployment. Experience in .Net and/or JAVA is highly desired. Experience in Oracle SQL, PL/SQL is an asset. Experience with Test Management Tools is an asset. Must have demonstrated ability to develop and execute test cases for complex requirements. Testing methodology certification (e.g. ISTQB) is an asset. At least 2+ years of automation/performance experience. Job Type: Contract Required experience: Selenium: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's
