Location: Crystal City, VA Job Type: Full-Time Pay: Up to $125K/year (Depends on Experience) Clearance: Clearable US Citizen The DevOps System Engineer will be responsible for implementing continuous integration solutions utilizing automated tools to deploy usable and efficient customer facing applications. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS/RESPONSIBILITIES: Automates the build and deployment of enterprise web applications. Collaborates with various teams involved in software delivery (developers, operations, quality assurance, management, etc.). Resolves complex issues, conducts research, and recommends solutions. Provides timely updates on tasks and meets internal and client deadlines with high quality deliverables. Works with customers and users to evaluate, estimate and perform application development and/or business process change requests under the direction of the Technical Lead Develops test scenarios and scripts as an integral component of the software quality assurance. Perform additional duties as assigned. EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, & CERTIFICATIONS: Associates Degree or higher in a related field. Minimum of 5 years of experience working in a similar capacity. Minimum of 5 years of experience working with complex software applications. Minimum of 3 years of experience working on an Agile Team, implementing Continuous Deployment solutions using automated toolsets. Experience with continuous integration, delivery and deployment. Extensive experience with GIT, Gradle, Maven, ANT, Windows and Linux. Familiarity with JIRA, Rally or other Agile Lifecycle Management (ALM) tool. Familiarity with USCIS environments highly desired. Must be a U.S. Citizen. SPECIFIC KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES: Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to effectively communicate across diverse audiences and influence cross functionally. Ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience. Ability to multi-task as well as be strategic, creative and innovative in a dynamic, fast paced environment. Ability to work independently as well as a contributing member of the team. Proven ability to complete goals/projects on time delivering high quality results. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $125,000.00 /year Required experience: DevOps: 5 years Required license or certification: U.S. Citizen
