Consulting Services Group, LLC (www.csg-llcusa.com) Consulting Services Group (CSG) is a niche provider of intelligence related support services. Our team of seasoned professionals has vast experience in the Intelligence Community and DOD experience, with subject matter expertise in the areas of Technical/IT Services, Operations and Maintenance, Knowledge Management, Language Services, and Intelligence Services (IMINT,FMV, GEOINT, MASINT, HUMINT, All Source, Counter Intelligence, Counter Threat Finance, and SME for Intelligence Analysis Technologies. Clearance Requirement: Active TS/SCI clearance with a full scope polygraph is required. Benefits: Salary We offer competitive compensation packages with plenty of opportunity for advancement. Health Insurance CSG will pay 100% of the employee’s health insurance. Family insurance options are available through payroll deduction. We offer comprehensive medical, prescription drug, (Anthem/ Blue Cross/Blue Shield) dental, (Delta Dental) and vision (Blue View Vision); life insurance (one year salary up to $200,000), DBA (for OCONUS employees), and short and long term disability. 401K Program CSG has partnered with ADP Retirement Services to offer employees a robust 401(K) program. Employees are eligible to participate in the program through pre-tax deductions after their first paycheck. The company will match 25% of the first 4% of employee contribution. Software Engineer Herndon, Virginia The Sponsor is seeking a Software Engineer that provides front-end development support to an ExtJS UI and back-end Ruby on Rails web application that provides social bookmarking and collaboration capabilities. Duties include, but not limited to: • Analyze and study complex system requirements. • Design software tools and subsystems to support software reuse and domain analyses and manage their implementation. • Translate detailed design into computer software. Implement COTS packages. • Test, debug, and refine the computer software to produce the required product. • Prepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentation. • Enhance software to reduce operating time or improve efficiency. • Provide technical guidance in software engineering techniques and automated support tools. • Provide technical direction to programmers to ensure program deadlines are met. Mandatory Skills: 1. Minimum 3 years demonstrated on-the-job experience with MySQL relational database system. 2. Demonstrated on-the-job experience with Ruby on Rails application development. 3. Demonstrated on-the-job experience with Ruby on Rails code deployment techniques. Desired Skills: 1. Demonstrated on-the-job experience testing in Ruby on Rails. 2. Demonstrated on-the-job experience with RESTful Web Services. 3. Demonstrated on-the-job experience with ExtJS. 4. Demonstrated on-the-job experience with AngularJS. 5. Demonstrated on-the-job experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS). 6. Demonstrated on-the-job experience with SOLR. Consulting Services Group provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. For additional information about Consulting Services Group or the position, please email John at jreidy@csg-llcusa.com.
