RRA is focused on leveraging technology to optimize management and financing solutions in the commercial real estate sector. To achieve this vision, we have built an origination and asset management solution on the Force.com platform. We are looking for a talented, self-directed, deeply technical individual to join our product delivery team. This is an amazing opportunity to work in a structured finance firms that helps preserve and grow future work-related benefits for millions of hard working Americans, while working on the best platform for building change-related business applications. The team is one where self-directed individuals thrive, and one where your vision for increasing the impact of the financial stewardship can be realized. Responsibilities * Architect, design, and implement Force.com product application Have a passion for quality and writing clean, solid, readable code that scales and performs well Develop test strategies and frameworks to drive up code coverage and automation metrics. * Contribute to the analysis of functional requirements. * Participate and promote architectural initiatives, balancing long-term velocity with short-term customer needs. Taking impactful features from idea to implementation * Working with stakeholders to help refine requirements and develop to those requirements * Building and improving Force.com implementations and various other systems Managing additional programmer support if necessary General Skills * B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS or equivalent work experience * Excellent written and oral communication skills * Proven leadership, prioritization, and analytical skills * Service focused, impact driven * Proven ability to design and optimize technical systems in support of organizational process Experience building highly scalable web applications. * Strong experience with front-end web tier (JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, CSS, and cross-browser development) and back-end (Java, SQL) software development. * Experience with Agile software development and test-driven development. * Master's degree in Computer Sciences or equivalent field. Technical Skills * 2 years or more experience with Apex, Visualforce, and the salesforce.com APIs. Lightning experience a plus * Significant experience in leading or practicing agile methodologies, including scrum and continuous integration environments Deep understanding of object-oriented design and programming concepts, and experience with at least one object-oriented programming language, such as Java, C#, C++. * Solid understanding of web technologies, such as HTTP, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, DHTML, XML, JSON, CSS). * Solid knowledge of SQL and understanding of relational databases. * Experience building Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) applications. * Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. * Experience leading technical requirements gathering and building solutions from those requirements * Ability to actively contribute from day one in a fast paced and evolving environment * Significant experience with web application development * Comfortability with a variety of development tooling, including Force.com IDE, Ant migration tool, and others Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Software Engineering, MIS, Apex, Visualforce, and the salesforce.com APIs: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's
