Solutions Engineer’s are responsible for actively driving and managing the technology evaluation stage of the sales process, working in conjunction with the sales executive, as the key technical advisor and product advocate. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES • Assist sales executives in the technical qualification of new sales opportunities, understand customer requirements and articulate the value proposition of Logi Analytics to senior technology executives. • Present and demonstrate Logi Analytics software to technical and non-technical audiences. • Act as primary technical point-of-contact during sales process, implementation, and transition to post-sales support. • Respond to customer requests for information including the completion of RFIs and RFPs. • Develop prototypes for prospects using Logi Analytics Studio, HTML, DHTML, etc. • Work closely with prospect to plan and conduct thorough technical evaluations and "proof of concept" demonstrations of Logi Analytics. • Architect Logi Analytics solutions that meet prospect requirements and work closely with Logi Analytics professional services team to develop customer implementation plans as part of sales proposals. • Work closely with Logi Analytics Product Management to prioritize customer enhancement requests and to plan and to contribute to future product release EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE • Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Engineering and/or equivalent business or technical experience required. • Effective live and web-based presentation skills. Effective oral and written communication skills. • Demonstrated creative problem solving ability and ability to learn new technologies/concepts. • Self-motivated and possess the ability to quickly understand prospects' complex technical architecture/infrastructure. • Strong understanding of Microsoft Web Application Development, Java, Unix, RDBMS, SQL, XML, OLAP and associated tools and technologies. • Hands-on experience with the following Web-based Internet applications such as Microsoft IIS, Apache Tomcat and others. • Experience with Business Intelligence technologies preferred.
