About Us: BYTE Systems is a Government focused Veteran Owned information technology services company. Headquartered in Virginia, BYTE Systems employs highly skilled cleared experts who are dedicated in providing our client base with superior solutions and support. Description: A restricted program in Reston, Virginia is looking for a Unix/Linux Engineer who possesses substantial hands-on experience working on Unix/Linux servers, requires minimal supervision, takes initiative, able to work with fellow engineers, able to troubleshoot and isolate problems, clearly communicate findings and solutions, and able to take a comprehensive system view. The successful candidate will be responsible for supporting the operations of software applications in a 24/7 production environment. The individual must excel at troubleshooting issues across multiple environments (development, integration, test, and production). The candidate will document procedures, processes, configurations, and solutions. Candidates must possess strong written and oral communication skills and be able to interface directly with software developers, verification engineers, system engineers, information security engineers, management, and application end users. Requirements: U.S. Government clearance - TS/SCI with Polygraph Bachelors degree in related technical field and 5+ years of Systems Engineering Experience; Additional 4 years of experience may substitute in lieu of degree. Minimum of 5+ years Unix/Linux experience (comfortable with using command line) Experience troubleshooting in development/integration/test/production environments Familiar with scripting languages Experience with monitoring tools Experience with trouble ticket systems COTS installation/integration experience Preferred Qualifications: Experience troubleshooting Java web applications Experience troubleshooting Ruby on Rails web applications Experience with Cloud based integration Experience with RPM creation Experience with Chef and/or Puppet Working knowledge of virtualization Amazon certification is a plus. Benefits: 5 week paid vacation + 10 gov't holidays 15% contribution to 401k ISP and cellphone reimbursement LTD, STD disability and life insurance Paid health, dental, and vision for employee and family. $5000 annual training expense reimbursement Computer purchase plan
