Affinity Inc. and Personal Development is a progressive dynamic, fast growing, and team oriented organization serving individuals, children, and families in both an outpatient clinic and community settings.The mission of Affinity and Personal Development is to collaboratively create a treatment program that is individualized to the clients' specific needs, utilizing evidence based practice/treatment modalities Professional responsibilities will include: comprehensive diagnostic assessments, GAIN assessments, treatment planning, and direct service deliver to all populations. Successful candidates will be skilled in crisis intervention, psychotherapy, group therapy, substance use disorder/co-occurring treatment, case management, recovery, self-advocacy, prevention, and education. Mentoring CBRS and Case Management staff. Educational Requirements: Applicant MUST have a Masters' Degree in a Human Services related field AND hold Idaho Licensure as a LPC, LCPC, LMFT, or LCSW. Experience demonstrating competence in treatment including: client evaluations, treatment plans, discharge plans, counseling techniques, elapse prevention, case management, and individual, couple, family therapy; and a working knowledge of child and adolescent growth and development, and the effects of alcohol and drugs on a child's growth and development. Knowledge of ASAM criteria and clinically appropriate and medically necessary evidenced based treatments is required. The candidate must have high ethical standards, adhere to his/her code of ethics, and be able to verbalize the practiced/chosen ethical decision-making model.Experience and/or certification in Matrix, Co-occurring Disorders Treatment, CBT, MRT, DBT, CSC I&II, Anger Management, Trauma, Domestic Violence, Case Management, and DUI Education and/or Evaluator Certification programing an added PLUS! Starting Wage $19-27.00/hourly - once training and probationary period is completed. Salary position with bonuses is available. SIGNING BONUS MAY APPLY DEPENDING ON EXPERIENCE! Affinity Inc. offers medical/vision/dental insurance, paid holidays, 401K plan, training/certification courses. Must be able to pass a background check. Job Type: Full-time
