Job Description: Lax Sports Network is accepting resumes for a part-time Master Control Operator. Lax Sports Network is the preeminent multi-platform, on-demand video destination for lacrosse sports fans. With thousands of hours of original programming scheduled each year, Lax Sports Network features professional, collegiate and amateur lacrosse events; breaking news and information; player profiles and storylines while becoming the historical reference for the oldest sport in North America. Reporting to the Chief Operating Officer, the part-time Master Control Operator is responsible for the overall on-air look of the digital network through playback of pre-recorded and live shows while airing scheduled station breaks. The Master Control Operator is expected to excel in a variety of roles during production of live and recorded studio and remote programs. The successful candidate works closely with the Director, members of the operations and production teams, and is effective when communicating with on-air talent. IT and Master Control background & knowledge strongly preferred. Should be familiar with a control room and able to operate Avid systems, Ross systems, and digital audio equipment. Candidates are always ready to adjust to on the fly changes, multi-tasking and a deadline driven environment. Schedule must be flexible; must be available for any last minute assignments and able to work various hours, including nights, weekends and holidays. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Broadcast Operations including setting up, controlling and monitoring digital broadcast equipment to transmit digital programs and commercials to the viewing audience. Support operation of the station by assisting Studio Operations Technicians On-air switching, dubbing, and transferring programs Ingesting feeds for broadcast use Able to operate studio and control room equipment as needed Maintain operations equipment through both preventative maintenance and repair Troubleshoot and fix problems with computers, edit systems and other equipment Must be physically able to lift and carry necessary equipment (up to 75 lbs) and maintain the agility to perform work assignments Qualifications: 2+ years experience with production and master control. IT and Master Control background & knowledge strongly preferred. Must have knowledge in Avid Airspeed and Avid systems Familiarity with control room production procedures and equipment Familiarity with Ross systems a plus. Must be an excellent communicator Strong attention to detail and organizational skills are necessary Experience with non-linear editing platforms. Ability to work in a fast paced, high pressure environment is a must. Willing to work long hours including nights, weekends, and holidays Lax Sports Network is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Successful candidates must be willing to relocate. Job Type: Part-time Local candidates only: Boston, MA
