Job Category: Full Stack Developer Position Title: Systems Engineer 4 Location: Washington, DC Description: Salient CRGT is looking for a Full Stack Systems Engineer to work in conjunction the Red Hat Open Shift Enterprise (OSE) 3.0 engineer during the architecture development, instantiation, and migration of pilot applications. This engineer will be a member of the Enterprise Architecture team within the Technical Solutions Office. CLEARANCE LEVEL: POSITION of TRUST/SUITABILITY REQUIREMENT: Please be aware that this position requires a U.S Government Public Trust/Suitability determination. Applicants who accept a conditional offer of employment may be subject to government security investigation(s) and must receive a favorable suitability determination for access to U.S Government information. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Help design, enhance, and maintain the CI and Continuous Delivery (CD) tooset with a focus on OSE. Work closely with infrastructure, networking and security teams in ongoing enhancement and support of OSE. Develop back-end software. Develop automated tests. Provide Tier 2 production support for OSE and associated applications. Participate in architecture reviews and technology standards definition. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS: N/A CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS: N/A EXPERIENCE/SKILLS REQUIRED: Demonstrate prototyping as an integral and regular step in the design process of conceptualizing, refining, an inventive solution. Experience with build tools and continuous integration systems like Jenkins, Bamboo, etc. Experience with source code control tools like GIT, SVN, GitHub, etc. Strong experience with the full web stack (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Frameworks, etc), backend technologies and design patterns (Java 7, multithreading, servlets, Spring, Hibernate/ JDBC, RESTFul Frameworks, etc.). Experience with dependency management (Maven, NuGet, Gradle, Bower, etc.) Experience with one or more SQL databases required. Understanding of security requirements, OS hardening, penetration testing, and container isolation. Strong experience in Red Hat Linux and Windows administration. Experience actively developing and deploying applications. TRAVEL REQUIRED: N/A PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: N/A DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS : S. in Computer Science or related discipline Experience in software engineering, architecture, technical operations Red Hat Certified Architect (RHCA) or Red Hat Certified JBoss Developer (RHCJD) Strong Agile experience If you feel you are qualified for this position, please go to http://www.salientcrgt.com/careers /* *to apply. Salient Federal Solutions (Salient) is a leading provider of information technology, engineering and intelligence analysis services to agencies in the intelligence, defense, homeland security, and cyber domains. Salient is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/AAP employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace. Salient prohibits discrimination against employees and qualified applicants for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, disability, marital status, national origin, veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable discrimination laws. Salient also participates in E-Verify. Click here to learn about the E-Verify Program . For more information on Salient Federal Solutions, Inc., please visit us at www.salientcrgt.com . Required experience: Full Stack Development: 7 years
