Our mission at Voxiva is to radically simplify people’s interaction with the healthcare system, putting people in control, allowing them to more easily get the care they need and the service they deserve. Description We are looking for passionate, experienced software engineers who are excited to think creatively, move quickly, and make a difference. Together we’ll design and develop web and mobile products with beautiful user experiences that perform at massive scale. As one of the founding members of a growing development team, this is a unique opportunity to make important contributions to the foundations of a platform, gain experience with a variety of technologies, and build the engineering culture you’d love to have. You will be joining a group of technology and health industry experts solving the most vexing problems in health care and building the consumer health platform of the future. These products will put people in control of their health information and make accessing and paying for health services easy and convenient. Write clean, concise and efficient code Test, test, and test some more. Features are complete when shipped and valuable to users Contribute up and down the technology stack from web and mobile to APIs to back end data processing and integration with partners Contribute in design discussions and take ownership over areas of expertise Help to build a positive team oriented culture and an environment of excellence Qualifications BS/MS degree in Computer Science or related field 3+ years experience building and iterating products for fast-growing web or mobile products Strong command of Java and/or Javascript A team player with strong communication skills Someone comfortable in a fast-paced startup environment The phrase “not my job” makes you physically ill Bonus Mobile development experience with iOS and/or Android Experience dealing with complex and/or large scale data problems Experience with Build and/or Test Automation Web Development Frameworks, API Design or NoSQL Databases About the position Interested candidates should apply here or via LinkedIn with salary requirements and references. Please include “Software Engineer” in the subject header. Kindly do not apply through phone. We will offer the right candidate a generous compensation and benefits package with a pay for performance component. Company benefits include: paid vacation & sick leave, a company-sponsored 401k Plan (with employer contribution), health/vision/dental plan (with employer contribution). Voxiva celebrates respects and supports diversity in the workplace. Voxiva is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to considering all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or veteran status. Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: Washington, DC Required experience: Experience building and iterating products for fast-growing web or mobile products: 3 years Required license or certification: Strong command of Java and/or Javascript Required education: Bachelor's
