Position summary: 12 MONTH CONTRACT POSITION Plans, coordinates and executes software engineering tasks and activities on assigned water resource projects, under the direction of CTO by performing the following duties personally or through work with other team members. Performance measurements: Performance will be primarily measured against demonstrated success in developing and delivering project work products that are of high quality and prepared within the limits of contracted schedule and budget. Additional goals will be established at yearly performance review. Qualifications required: Testing software in controlled, real situations before it goes live. Analyzing user requirements. Supporting and enhancing existing software. Extensive knowledge of Visual Basic and other programming languages. Knowledge of SQL server database Writing and debugging code. Developing and improving interfaces. Maintaining systems once they are up and running. Conduct code reviews. Testing new programs. Presenting ideas for system improvements Preparing and writing training manuals for users. Performance tuning, improvement, balancing, usability, automation. Handling and analyzing large amounts of technical data. Common IT Hardware, Software, Platform and Systems Knowledge Visual Basic, Java, .NET, C, C++, ADO, HTML, JavaScript, Web services, ASP, SQL Server Implementing and maintaining of software to support various client’s products and services. Qualifications desired: 2-5 years of related experience. Involved in and contributing to automated test environments. Essential functions and responsibilities: Full life-cycle application development Designing, coding and debugging applications in various software languages. Software analysis, code analysis, requirements analysis, software review, identification of code metrics, system risk analysis, software reliability analysis Object-oriented Design and Analysis (OOA and OOD) Software modeling and simulation Front end graphical user interface design Software testing and quality assurance Performance tuning, improvement, balancing, usability, automation. Support, maintain and document software functionality Integrate software with existing systems Evaluate and identify new technologies for implementation Project Planning and Project Management Maintain standards compliance Implement localization or globalization of software Physical demands and work environment: The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Physical demands: While performing duties of job, incumbent is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Work environment: The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
