Windward’s software engineers are a team of very smart & motivated developers who work extremely well together. What you do at Windward matters – a lot. And you’ll find that you’re consistently pushed to learn more - and to create brilliant software. Learn more about our A player team here: http://blogs.windward.net/ Our core offering is a reporting/document generation product in which templates are designed using Microsoft Word, Excel, and/or PowerPoint – which means we have truly made report design significantly easier. We’re now doing the same with a browser- based offering. Our mantra is to be, by far, the easiest-to-use system available. The core engine is written in Java and compiled using both Java (for the Java engine) and IKVM (for the .NET engine). The Office Add-In is written in C#. Our server solutions are written in C# and use the Azure stack. Our browser-based editor is written in TypeScript and uses Sencha (Javascript) for the UI. Position Summary: As a mid-level developer you will be a key contributor behind development projects and crucial to the successful execution and maintenance of all of Windward’s projects. You will improve the long term quality of the code you develop through unit and functional testing to ensure our customer satisfaction rates stay at 99%. The ideal candidate will have experience in both front and back-end development, as well as the drive to work within a large, complex system using a variety of programming languages and technologies. Your work will be customer facing, and have a substantial impact on the user experience, consistency and reliability of a reporting product that makes people in a variety of industries, happy. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science with 3+ year experience (or >5yrs of equivalent work experience in software development) Strong hands on experience developing multi-tier applications, working with multiple browsers, app servers and databases. Demonstrated proficiency with solid understanding of basic data structures, algorithms, functional, OOP principles and SDLC. Required skills: 3+ years’ experience developing multi-tier applications using C#.NET and Typescript/Javascript. Java experience is preferred. Experience with XML/JSON and SQL Server Excellent problem-solving, investigative, analytical skills with a result-oriented approach Experience in version control systems like GIT, VSO or SVN Great time management and communication proficiency Valued skills: Previously worked for a start-up or growth-stage company Experience with XPath, OData and NoSQL databases Hands on experience developing RESTFUL WebServices Experience working on various data connectors to integrate with a variety of data applications such as Salesforce, Sharepoint and Dynamics is a plus Created Business Intelligence, or reporting/docgen software of some kind Experience running services on Microsoft Azure, AWS or similar cloud platform Experience maintaining continuous integration software, such as Jenkins and TeamCity. Experience working in an Agile/Scrum project environment We offer a casual work environment, energetic, ambitious colleagues and the opportunity to work with customers & prospects from all parts of the globe. Benefits include subsidized medical & dental insurance, vision insurance, FSA, 401K, staff lunches, office concierge, “quota blowout” celebrations and a fun, innovative work environment. Local candidates only: Boulder, CO 80301 Required experience: Software Development: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's
