Java/Web Developers (CLEARED) Our Application Development practice has a several Journeyman, Intermediate, and Senior level Java developer/software engineer openings for a public sector client (non-DoD) located in Washington, DC. The Java developer will participate in full lifecycle development of a multi-tiered J2EE application, including implementing both client and server side using technologies such as servlets, JSP, rich client technologies, web services, and Enterprise Javabeans (EJB). Our developers work with business analysts, federal clients, and system users to understand and refine requirements and help in creating and maintaining system lifecycle artifacts such as requirements specifications, high-level architecture, and detailed system and application design documents. Our developers are responsible for a wide range of development and software maintenance activities across a wide spectrum of application types and implementation platforms. Education and General Experience: Bachelors in Computer Science, Applied Math or Information Technology Experience in Windows OR Linux is required. Experience in J2EE application servers, such as WebLogic, WebSphere OR Apache Tomcat. 1+ years of professional experience writing production code SOME professional experience in Java, JSP, and SQL scripting Knowledge of modem Java frameworks, Struts, Hibernate, JPA Spring, Spring MVC, Bootstrap is desired Knowledge/ understanding of RESTful Web Services is a desired Familiarity with logic programming languages (i.e. Prolog), Apache Tomcat, Oracle WebLogic, Oracle Database, Perforce, Git, Ant, Eclipse, Gimp, Oracle SQL Developer, Joomla, Crystal Reports, Vagrant, Ansible, Docker is a PLUS Experience in a highly focused, agile software development team An active Secret Security Clearance is required; Functional Responsibility: Typically work involves agency-wide or enterprise-wide Internet/Web-enabled based systems that integrates systems from component-level organizations. General experience includes increasing responsibilities with Information technology network and related operating systems, including design, systems analysis, programming systems interface and connectivity, technology refresh, and system/development standards. Must demonstrate the ability to work independently and under general direction. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Java Developers: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's
