“Unisys Federal Systems works with U.S. Government clients to solve their most complex IT challenges at the intersection of modern and mission-critical. We are dedicated to understanding our federal clients’ unique challenges and are passionate about their mission as we deliver unequaled value in IT services. With operations in more than 100 countries, we leverage our global, commercial, and public sector capabilities to help agencies meet their dynamic challenges. Unisys Federal provides innovative solutions and services to solve complex and mission-critical client challenges in support of our Homeland Security and Critical Infrastructure; the Defense and Intelligence agencies, and Federal Civilian clients. Unisys Federal has many firsts in the market in delivering disruptive IT trends and solutions. We have world-class services delivery and client satisfaction and we are an industry recognized innovator with multiple awards from industry organizations.” We are looking for a Integration Engineer to join the Unisys Federal systems team in Springfield, VA. The project is with the Department of Homeland Security/Customs and Border Protection/BEMS. I have included a job description for your review. Please contact me to further discuss. I have also included a little information on the project. Thanks, Tori Systems integration engineers are responsible for the design, implementation, and integration of building systems solutions. This highly technical and hands-on position requires work in a team and individual work setting contributing to all aspects of system integration including design, needs analysis, design review, testing, implementation, and validation. Systems integration engineers should be self-starters and have the ability to work independently with little supervision. Essential Duties and Areas of Responsibility Gather and analyze data to establish system requirements Develop work plans and estimates as they relate to systems integration work tasks and team members Research, evaluate, and recommend systems/equipment/technologies based upon client needs Draft technical instructions, engineering plans, technical designs, and other systems integration related documents Interface with various team members Develop and conduct testing plans and procedures based upon system recommendations Provide client with post-installation and integration support Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical degree and 5+ year experience is required. Relevant experience must be in a Unix/Linux environment on a program that fielded iterative builds and involved coordination of configuration management between multiple developers. Strong communication skills Ability to solve complex problems Work as a member of a team Ability to meet tight deadlines Strong organizational skills Ability to decipher highly technical data Ability to multi-task in an ever-changing work environment Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED. Do you have what it takes to be mission-critical? Apply Now. Unisys offers a very competitive benefits package including health insurance coverage from first day of employment, a 401k with an immediately vested company match, vacation and educational benefits. To learn more about Unisys visit us at www.Unisys.com. Unisys is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) - M, F, Disabled Persons, and Veterans. Project Information: Unisys was awarded and recently started work on the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Customs and border Protection (CPB), Office of Information Technology (OIT), Border Enforcement Management Systems Division (BEMSD) program, a 5-year contract to develop and maintain a wide variety of software-based solutions for CBP. BEMSD is a technically and functionally diverse organization that encompasses 5 branches, each providing development, maintenance, and modernization of mission critical solutions and services within CBP. They include the Mission Support Branch, providing financial, time and attendance, and accounting solutions and services, the Web Communications and Research Branch, providing SharePoint and CBP.gov solutions and services, the Border Enforcement and Investigations Branch, providing tactical custom developed software solutions to the Border Patrol Agents in the field, the Technical Integration Office, providing architecture, security, testing, and configuration management solutions and services, and the Program Control Office, providing financial, contract management, and administrative services for BEMSD. BEMSD works with a wide variety of technologies and requires professionals with skillsets such as JAVA, .Net, Business Analysts, Automated testers, DBAs, Solution Architects, Security Officers, SharePoint, Tririga, Remedy, SAP, Technical Writing, Agile, System Administration, and much more. BEMSD is an exciting organization that focuses on delivering solutions to Customs Officers and Border Patrol Agents in the field securing charged with the mission to secure our nation’s borders. It is an innovative organization delivering mobile solutions to CBP Officers, Border Patrol Agents, and the public while adopting state-of-the-art Agile software practices Required experience: Systems Integration: 6 years
