Position requires a BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields and a minimum of 5-8 years of related experience. Reinventing Geospatial, Inc. (RGi) is seeking Software Engineers/Software Developers that have a proven track record in the design, development, integration, and testing of projects with the following qualifications: US Citizenship is required for all positions. Experience with geospatial data and services (Preferably ArcGIS experience but otherexperience is fine) Automation of system configuration (e.g. Puppet) Experience configuring and managing webservers/web services Experience in troubleshooting web systems (e.g. log debugging, working with tools likefiddler, etc…) SQL Database experience (e.g. MS SQL, Oracle, Postgres) Our preferred candidate will have additional experiences with one or more of the following disciplines: Python or Powershell scripting ESRI technologies (ArcPy, ArcGIS Runtime, ArcObjects) Microsoft Server, Linux ( RHEL, CentOS, Fedora) Web Mapping Technology (Leaflet, OpenLayers) OSGeo Software (GeoServer, MapServer, GDAL) The candidate will work in development teams and utilize an agile driven software development cycle to design and develop complex systems. Candidate must be a quick learner, self-motivated and able to balance multiple-simultaneous tasks. Company Details: Our fast-growing company prides itself on using the latest technologies to solve difficult problems. We provide excellent benefits and a family oriented, small business work environment. We need our engineers to be versatile and enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology solutions. Reinventing Geospatial, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. Required license or certification: US Citizenship
