Consulting Services Group, LLC (www.csg-llcusa.com) Consulting Services Group (CSG) is a niche provider of intelligence related support services. Clearance Requirement: Active TS/SCI clearance is required. Benefits: Salary We offer competitive compensation packages with plenty of opportunity for advancement. Health Insurance CSG will pay 100% of the employee’s health insurance premium. Family insurance options are available through payroll deduction. Dental Insurance CSG will pay 100% of the employee’s insurance premium. Family insurance options are available. PTO (Paid Time Off) CSG grants a total of 80 PTO hours per year. We recognize 10 federal holidays (4 floating). Software Engineer – Fellow I Arlington, VA All levels of Software Engineer will have the skills listed below. Each level may have additional education, skill and/or experience requirements. The Software Engineer develops, maintains, and enhances complex and diverse software systems (e.g., processing-intensive analytics, novel algorithm development, manipulation of extremely large data sets, real-time systems, and business management information systems) based upon documented requirements. Software Engineering tasks include: Design and develop new software. Maintain existing software and resolves software problem reports. Modify existing software to add new features. Perform individually and as part of a team. Utilize software development and software design methodologies appropriate to the development environment and in compliance with customer and industry lifecycle development approaches. Develop, execute and document software testing, including test cases. Perform software requirement analysis, derivation and allocation. Provide input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, application security, and use of Commercial Off-the-shelf (COTS)/Government Off-the-shelf (GOTS) in place of new development. Provide input to hardware (COTS/GOTS/capacity/etc.) recommendations. Prepare software documentation, including user guides. Required skills include: U.S. Citizenship required. Demonstrated experience and/or familiarity with one of more of the following: Java, Perl, Ruby, Python, HTML, C, C++, .NET, ColdFusion, Adobe, etc. Demonstrated experience and/or familiarity with one of more of the following: SQL, Oracle, MySQL, JBDC, etc. Demonstrated experience and/or familiarity with one of more of the following: Windows, Linux, Apache, TomCat, Ozone Widgets, Spring, Struts, JUnit, Hibernate, etc. Desired skills include: Experience with Agile development methodology. Experience with software configuration management and control tools (e.g., CVS, Eclipse, ClearCase, etc.) Experience with automated testing tools (e.g., RSpec, Cucumber, etc.) Experience: Twelve (12) or more years of software development experience required. [A Master’s degree in a related discipline may substitute for two (2) years of experience. A PhD may substitute for four (4) years of experience.] Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or a related discipline is required. [Twelve (12) years of experience (for a total of twenty-two (22) or more years) may be substituted for a degree.] Advanced degree (Master’s) is desired. Additional Responsibilities and/or skills: Develop and provide input to system architecture design. Act as subject matter expert (SME) to project. Additional Requirements: Experience leading multiple software development teams. Certifications: Agile software development methodology certification (e.g. SCRUM Master) highly desired . DoD 8570.1-M Compliance at IAT Level I (e.g., Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)) certification highly desired Consulting Services Group provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. For additional information about Consulting Services Group or the position, please email John at jreidy@csg-llcusa.com.
