Sr Software Engineer -McLean, VA Responsibilities Create and maintain interactive exhibits and software for museums and related media.-Develop new software as well as learn and maintain existing products .-Accomplish project requirements by leading a team of developers and working with them to develop interactive software. -Creates and executes development plans across multiple projects and revises as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements. -Ensure quality of software developed meets or exceeds expectations. -Work closely with designers and production staff to help define software and hardware requirements. -Oversee product from start to completion during entire software lifecycle. -Present ideas and research new technology for future projects and assignments. -Maintain proficiency with multiple programming frameworks and languages. -Keep up with ever changing software tools and techniques. -Troubleshoot software related problems and failures. -Oversee the installation of software at client locations. Requirements for this Position We develop interactive exhibits for museums around the world. Our technology is "bleeding-edge". We are not looking for a Developer for enterprise software solutions, rather a Developer skilled in Unity 3D with excellent UI development skills and (hopefully) some design skills as well. Our software is complicated and our UI is very polished and clean code. We need a Unity/UI Developer that can implement the UI completely. Skillsets that may help in our environment are game development, mobile development, uGUI (Unity 3D UI), strong C# development, Kiosk desktop development in Unity 3D, and experience in developing museum exhibit software with Unity 3D. -Degree in Computer Science or related field and four (4) years of significant software experience.-Ability to match complex interface designs and ensure development team is following design guidelines. Previous design experience is preferred.-History of programming user interfaces with 2D and/or 3D graphics-Excellent understanding of software design patterns. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: 7: 1 year
