Application Engineer III Position Summary: The department implements, customizes and maintains an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system to best serve the university administrative needs. The department also maintains and manages various specialized ancillary applications to support the specific functional and business process needs of our campus departments and the university. Review, analyze, and modify programming systems including coding, testing, debugging and installing to support the university's Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and business applications systems. Assists with the development and maintenance of ERP and business application systems. Tests ERP and application layouts to ensure the system is meeting university needs. Ensures that software and services can be integrated into the ERP system. Customize and configures workflow to allow the integration of client/server applications. Design new modules to improve system efficiency. Consult with users to identify current operating procedures and to clarify program objectives. Write documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, and corrections, and to describe installation and operating procedures. Essential Responsibilities Include: Install, upgrade and maintain applications and services (including and not limited to ERP, ancillary and cloud based applications). Administer and maintain assigned applications (production and non-production environments). Develop processes for routine maintenance and management tasks related to application administration, monitoring, security administration etc. Identify and research software patches/fixes for systems. Perform system upgrades, patching tasks and activities for ancillary application. Develop and maintain monitoring scripts to monitor systems. Troubleshoot and repair system problems. Create and update system documentation. Apply patches and fixes to ancillary applications and systems. Define appropriate metrics to measure performance and ensure metrics are collected, reported and reviewed regularly. Develop, maintain and report results of monitoring scripts to measure identified quality metrics and alert appropriately to any exceptions. Periodically audit logs and access privileges to ensure appropriate security and privacy of applications and data. Develop detailed specifications based on system requirements. Develop and implement the technical architecture of ancillary applications and interfaces to the ERP environment. Work closely with the technical teams to develop, configure and maintain system interfaces (internal and external). Design, and develop custom application as appropriate using SDLC life cycle management methodologies. Troubleshoot reported issues and work with database team to identify root causes and remedies. Perform quality control, assurance and testing on systems. Work closely with our partners (user groups and departments) to create business process analysis and mapping, assist in identifying opportunities for process improvement. Evaluate existing products for enhancements, review new products and services to enhance the overall service management of the application services environment. Perform analysis to identify systems requirements. Communicate with users on system development activities. Work as part of the application engineering team to carry out assignments within the framework established by the supervisor and in conformance with established practices and procedures; bring unexpected or controversial findings to the supervisor’s attention. Lead projects and implementations. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree is required with at least 4-6 years’ experience as an application engineer. At least 6-8 years’ programming experience using at least one programing language or toolset. Two years’ experience can be substituted with a Master’s Degree. Demonstrated experience as a SQL developer: writing SQL code, scripts and using report tools. Experience developing interfaces between ERP and ancillary applications (hosted, cloud based) using scripting, SQL coding, file transfer, web services etc. And one or both of the following: Experience developing and maintaining ERP applications (PeopleSoft, Banner or similar). Experience installing and configuring COTS applications in a multi-tier environment, including integration with ERP applications. Ability to integrate differing bodies of knowledge in troubleshooting and solving technical problems, including performing root cause analysis and follow up to ensure the issues are addressed at the root level. Ability to learn and adopt new ideas and technologies. Ability to organize work, coordinate with other team members to accomplish goals, and ensure progress is made on assigned tasks. Ability to express information to individuals or groups effectively, and to make clear, comprehensible oral and written reports. Knowledge of developments and new applications of computing infrastructure technologies to the university’s technical infrastructure. Knowledge of, and materially demonstrable skills and experience in implementing, configuring and applying, the following: IT concepts, principles, methods, and practices. Information security principles and methods. Application installation, configuration and administration in a multi-tier environment. ERP principles, methods, and practices. Software development lifecycle (SDLC) principles, methods, and practices. Operational task automation through programming and scripting principles and methods. Performance monitoring principles and methods. Relational database principles, methods, and practices. Principles, methods, and tools for developing, scheduling, coordinating, and managing projects and resources. Experience implementing and configuring the following technologies is a plus: Windows Server 2012 or later in an Active Directory environment. Linux server, especially Red Hat Enterprise. Cloud based applications and services- SaaS, PaaS, IaaS (especially Amazon Web Services) This certification is highly desirable: Oracle People Tools and Technology, e.g., People Tools Application Developer Certified Expert One or more of the following certifications is desirable: Oracle Database Administrator Certified Processional Microsoft Solutions Expert (MCSE): Data Platform [SQL Server] Information security certification, e.g., CompTIA Security+, CompTIA CASP, CISSP. Project management certification, e.g., PMP Preferred Qualifications: Project planning and project management experience desired. Higher education experience a plus. How to apply: forward resume, cover letter and salary requirements (salary expectations are considered part of application process). Reference position 101453 B in subject line of email. Applications open until filled. AA/EOE, m/f/d/v.
