Our client, a premiere provider of technology services to the federal government, is hiring bright and talented software engineers to support the Drug Enforcement Administration’s application development initiatives. The company’s engineers develop cutting-edge applications that directly enable DEA to further its mission. The team is comprised of avid practitioners of agile development methodologies, and most of their work is done in a purely agile environment. The team uses Scrum, continuous integration, and peer reviews on a daily basis, and they adhere to the “inspect and adapt” principle as new ways to innovate. The company is looking for more than a set of programming skills – they are interested in your experiences, talents, interests, and enthusiasm for the craftsmanship and engineering aspects of software development. Their engineers understand and use design patterns, SOLID principles, mocks and fakes, and unit tests. In addition to being technology enthusiasts, they are also passionate about delivering valuable software. Their engineers work directly with end users to discover and solidify requirements, and to exchange feedback on implemented and potential functionality. Required Skills U.S. Citizenship with active Secret clearance 10+ years of web development experience 2+ years of ASP.Net, C#, MVC based web development experience using Visual Studio 2008 or higher 3+ years of experience with Agile development methodologies Recent (within 1 year) development in a team environment as a lead or senior developer of applications that supported more than 3,000 users and a Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS) with more than 250 tables and 1 million total rows. Experience in packaging and delivering software and documentation to a production environment 3+ years of C# development experience 3+ years of Java Script development experience 3+ years of development experience with CSS Experience on at least one software development project with a minimum of 1,000 automated unit tests. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: C# .NET Web Development: 10 years
