About Vitech Vitech is one of the world’s leading providers of financial and benefit administration software. We serve insurance, retirement and investment organizations and our over 100 clients include the premier entities in each of our markets. Our software, V3, is a unique administration platform specifically designed to address the unique needs of group benefits and alternative asset administration. We are headquartered in New York City with staff and clients located across the United States and around the world. We provide the V3 software, implementation and support services and offer cloud-based solution hosting. We employ 850 full time employees experienced in both enterprise software technology and the specific business domains in which we work. We are dedicated to helping our clients improve their market agility, raise their service levels and streamline their operations while consolidating and modernizing their legacy administration platforms. Our clients collectively administer over $1 trillion in coverage and serve nearly 20 million individuals. Here’s your chance to join a dynamic, global team of technology and domain subject matter experts, developers, quality assurance experts and business analysts who are helping shape the future of technology. We offer a competitive compensation package and a comprehensive benefits program to ensure employees' health, well-being and financial security. Visit us on the web at: www.vitechinc.com Overview You are adept at working with cutting-edge technology. You are sharp, driven and inspired by taking on challenges in a fast-paced environment. If this is you, Vitech Systems Group wants you to join our Development team as a full-time Oracle Developer to lead and drive innovation. Be a part of a thriving company with both an entrepreneurial spirit and the experience of an industry leader! As an Oracle PL/SQL Developer with Vitech, you will be a key member of the Database Group responsible for providing overall database support with concentration in back-end programming. The Oracle Developer Developer will be responsible to properly maintain source code sets and necessary technical documentation, and assist the DBA's in overall database maintenance. In this role, you'll leverage your knowledge of Oracle database development and be instrumental in the successful implementation of our browser-based, enterprise software product. Requirements 3+ years working with Oracle development. Develop, design, test and implement complex database programs using Oracle and third party tools. Experience with Oracle Version 10g, 11g, 12c Strong experience with oracle functions, procedures, triggers, packages & performance tuning, Ensure that database programs are in compliance with Vitech standards. Hands on development using Oracle PL/SQL (PLSQL). Performance tune SQL's, application programs and instances. Evaluation of new and upcoming technologies. Providing technical assistance, problem resolution and troubleshooting support. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Sciences, Information Technology and/or related discipline required. Master’s degree in same or similar a plus Apply for role on our website: https://chp.tbe.taleo.net/chp03/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=VITECH&cws=1&rid=454 Vitech Systems Group is an equal opportunity employer (EOE), M/F/Disability/Veterans, and strongly supports diversity in the workforce. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Oracle Development: 3 years Required education: Bachelor's
