As a Software Developer/Engineer, you will Design, prototype, develop, and implement applications using a number of Web programming languages. Leverage skills and tools, including Internet, intranet, and extranet based applications development, HTML DOM, JavaEE, Drools, relational databases, JavaScript and JavaScript libraries, and DevOps Jenkins-based continuous integration and deployment. Deploy software and serve as a key contributor by performing work that is critical to project success. Provide influence at the account level and at the client management level. Solve highly technical and complex problems, as required. Work under minimal supervision, and provide input to project-related decisions. This position is located in Springfield, VA Requirements: 9 years of experience with Web development and working with a Web development team Experience with Drools business rules management Experience with front-end Web development and design, including HTML DOM, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, and Bootstrap Experience with developing in JavaScript and JavaScript libraries, including AngularJS -Experience with DevOps Jenkins-based continuous integration and deployment Experience with DevOps Jenkins-based continuous integration and deployment Knowledge of JavaEE Web development, including JPA, JTA, and JAX-RS -Knowledge of relational databases design and development, including MySQL Knowledge of relational databases design and development, including MySQL Experience with the design and development of object-oriented system and with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab -Experience with developing solutions, integrating, extending, and contributing to Open-Source Software Experience with deploying software to Amazon Web Services (AWS) or C2S preferred -Experience with Linux a plus Bachelor's Degree and/or Master's Degree (may substitute 7 years of additional relevant work experience for Bachelor's and 3 years for a Master's Degree) Active TS/SCI/CI Poly is required. Benefits: 100% Paid Medical, Dental, Vision, & Life 10 Paid Holidays 3 Weeks PTO Matching 401k Plan Flexible Leave Policy Flex Time Comp Time Barone Consulting is a scientific, engineering and technical operations support firm providing high-end technical consulting to mission critical government challenges. Barone provides services across a wide range of technical fields to the military, DoD, R&D, and intelligence communities. We choose to work on some of the toughest technical challenges in aerospace and defense, and are committed to turning the science fiction of today into the reality of tomorrow. Barone Consulting provides solutions across a range of technical areas by identifying, analyzing, and developing novel technologies and methodologies for current and new program development. If interested in discussing this opportunity or others, send an updated copy of your resume to bob.cope@baronedc.com. Barone Consulting is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply.
