Grow World is the one-stop gardening shop in the Portland area! Gardening enthusiasts travel from all around for our incredibly low prices and quality information our team willingly provides! It is our goal to ensure low prices to our customers through enhanced loss prevention. We seek a skilled individual with 3-5 years of experience and a proven track record of preventing and stopping shrinkage due to theft. Job Purpose: Protects company assets by developing and integrating loss prevention strategies; identifying potential breaches in security; identifying internal and external thievery; maintaining loss prevention awareness; Inventory on a regular basis; and keep a accurate Inventory evaluation. Achieve loss prevention objectives by contributing loss prevention information and analysis reports to General Manager; preparing and completing action plans; implementing productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; identifying and resolving problems; determining loss prevention system improvements; implementing change; investigating losses; designing and implementing solutions. Meets loss prevention by analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions; monitoring financial impact of losses; measuring loss prevention program results. Prevents losses by studying facilities, employee and visitor movement through surveillance cameras and technology, identifying high-risk assets; monitoring ease of access to assets; improving security of assets; evaluating and implementing employee and visitor monitoring and alarm systems; reporting unauthorized store-use of items; investigating potential cases of internal dishonesty; conducting background investigations on job applicants. Prosecutes suspects by presenting complaints and evidence to law officers; cooperating in criminal investigations; offering affidavits and testimony. Reviews loss prevention, develops prosecution actions by collecting analyzing, and summarizing loss control data and trends; researching, developing, writing, and updating policies, procedures, methods, and guidelines. Maintains and improves security precautions by conducting system tests and personnel monitoring; tracking and implementing state-of-the-art techniques. Develops corporate intelligence resources by maintaining awareness of individuals, groups, and suppliers or customers who may be a threat. Updates job knowledge by reviewing professional publications; and staying current in cutting-edge loss prevention technologies. Enhances loss prevention and organization reputation at Grow World by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. Skills/Qualifications: Research Skills, Analyzing Information , Decision Making, Surveillance Skills, Safety Management, Promoting Process Improvement, Managing Processes, Integrity, Informing Others, Verbal Communication, Strong Computer Skills Requirements: 5-7 years of experience in Loss Prevention Job Type: Full-time Salary: $16.00 /hour Local candidates only: Portland, OR Required experience: Loss Prevention: 5 years Required education: High school or equivalent
