Our client, a government contractor with a valid, on-going contract with NASA, is looking for us to identify several Software Engineers, both junior level and mid-level engineers, for direct hires by our client. These positions would be located in Fairmont, WV. Must have current Public Trust background investigation. Cannot be currently employed by the following organizations: TASC Inc., J&P Technologies, MPL Corporation, Mountain State Information Systems, Inc.,New-Bold Enterprises, Inc., Qualified Technical Services, Inc., Oakwood University, West Virginia University, Azimuth, Inc., or GB Tech, Inc. We are seeking a Software Engineer with knowledge and experience in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle to join our team in Fairmont, WV. We support NASA’s Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) Program, delivering analysis, validation and verification of safety and mission-critical software for NASA science and human exploration programs. We currently have five positions open for this labor category. Of those open, we have two (2) junior level and three (3) mid-level positions. Roles and Responsibilities: Performs full-lifecycle (Concept to Deployment) Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) analyses to ensure the logical and systematic conversion of customer or product requirements into total systems solutions that acknowledge technical constraints. Performs IV&V analysis of systems and software architecture, system and software requirements, software design, software interfaces, source code, software integration and the developer’s unit, build, and systems integration test products. Performs functional analysis, scenario analysis, timeline analysis, detail trade studies, and requirements allocation and interface definition studies to evaluate compliance of software specifications with customer requirements. Participates in the software developer’s software Requirements, Design, Code, and Test (RDCT) walkthroughs. Develops independent test plans, cases, procedures, and scripts and performs independent testing of safety and mission critical software systems to ensure the system will not do what it is not supposed to do and will respond in a safe and desired manner under adverse conditions. Utilizes static code analysis tools to identify potential source code errors and performs analysis to verify the validity of the errors and assess the impact the errors on the desired software behaviors. Conducts software hazard analysis and risk assessments. Interacts directly with targeted development program personnel providing a suitable interface for the program to gain access to the results of IV&V analyses. Leads small teams of analysts performing verification and validation analyses. Analyzes effectiveness/efficiency of NASA program procedures and processes and develops/recommends improvements. Prepares Technical Issue Memorandums/Problem Reports, presentations, technical reports, research papers, and other contract deliverables related to IV&V analysis performed Supports IV&V project lead directly as knowledgeable reviewer of IV&V products and services. Performs technical task planning and supports the Project Lead in the execution and control of the tasks. Work is performed on-site in Government facilities. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or other software-related engineering program Must be able to obtain and maintain a Public Trust Security Clearance Experience with all major aspects of the software development life cycle (requirements, design, implementation, and test). Experience in defining, designing, and developing software integration level and scenario based test plans, test procedures, and automated test scripts. Experience executing these tests in a software simulation test environment. Expertise in the utilization of C++ and C programming languages, and Object Oriented Design for mission critical ground and flight software systems.? Human spaceflight experience.? Experience and expertise with NASA, NOAA, or military programs involving spacecraft flight software including knowledge of spacecraft software domains such as Command & Data Handling, Telecommunications, Electrical Power Subsystem, Thermal Control Subsystem, SpaceWire (spW) protocol, Fault Protection/FDIR, Autonomy, or Vehicle Health Management. Experience using software simulation environments to test plight software Experience using Matlab/Simulink to model software system Experience using Static Code Analysis tools such as Klocwork Insight, Code Sonar, FlexeLint, Coverity or Polyspace. Familiarity with UML, service oriented architecture, and agile processes Job Type: Full-time Required experience: expereince as listed in description: 2 years Required education: Bachelor's
