We are a growing Microsoft Dynamics partner looking for a junior application developer in Dynamics. In this position you will be creating solutions to fit the unique needs of our clients utilizing the development tools of the Microsoft Dynamics platform (primarily Dynamics NAV). We are a company filled with high energy people with a willingness to put the client’s needs first. Our ideal candidate is very intelligent, has good critical thinking skills and loves to learn and write code! We do not expect you to have any experience in Dynamics NAV today and we will provide extensive training and certification opportunities. The Dynamics toolset includes their development environment (C/Side) as well as Visual Studio and SQL Server. We will provide thorough and extensive training on all of these technologies. You will need to be able to learn quickly, work independently and write the code that meets the needs our Analysts have identified. Our Analysts write-up the specific client requirements and provide the design guidelines as well as other important information. Your position will take that document and create the code and solution to fit the need. Our Analyst will test and deliver it to the client. The developer position does not require a lot of client contact or communication (although if you wish to grow into that, you will certainly have that opportunity as well). Join a talented team and hit the ground running with a singular focus: making companies more efficient through automation and the functionality of Microsoft Dynamics. Company Overview We are a software company filled with high energy people with a willingness to put the client’s needs first. We have been in business for over 18 years and we specialize in helping companies utilize technology to be more efficient and effective. We are headquartered in Lexington Kentucky. Our team members are experts in their respective fields that enjoy working in a respectful, positive and energizing environment. Responsibilities Learn and obtain expertise in developing solutions using Dynamics NAV Learn and contribute to our best practice processes for creating these solutions Learn and understand the base features and functionality of Dynamics NAV Read and understand requirements and design documents that describe the solutions we need to create Ask necessary questions to clarify requirements and design Design solution in Dynamics NAV with minimal impact on upgrades and maintenance Write the code needed for the desired solution Perform basic testing to be sure code executes as expected Update documentation and follow best practice standards Always learning Believe no task is too small, and no task is too tall Requirements (Preferred) Bachelor’s degree from a top-tier university 0-2 years programming experience Avid technology user and a vocal technology evangelist High IQ, good grades and excellent critical thinking skills Independent, proactive and a love of learning Working knowledge of Dynamics NAV, Visual Studio or SQL Server a plus Job Type: Full-time
