Overview Lancaster Archery Supply is a world-leading archery distributor engaged in eCommerce, phone, and brick and mortar sales. Our rapidly growing business relies heavily on internal software development to support sales, customer management, inventory tracking and order fulfillment. We are currently seeking a talented and dynamic software developer to join our growing IT team. The primary responsibility of the Software Developer is to create internal software solutions and reports with the goal of increasing accuracy and efficiency company wide. This is a full-time exempt position that reports to the VP of Marketing and eCommerce. On a day to day basis, the Software Developer will work with a team of development and IT professionals including the Senior Software Engineer and the Director of IT. Development Responsibilities The Software Developer’s primary responsibility is the creation and maintenance of software solutions (mostly internal and web-based) aimed at improving the accuracy and efficiency of the entire company. The Software Developer is also responsible for creating reports for co-workers with data from multiple sources (website, ERP system, Splunk) using internally developed API’s. Develop a thorough understanding of the existing systems and business practices to facilitate troubleshooting and efficient requirements gathering. Expectations include project scope and delivery estimates, testing and validation, timelines and priorities, and thorough project documentation. Required Skills 6+ years C# experience 5+ years relational database experience with specific focus on MS SQL Server NET MVC Ability to understand and translate business requirements into functional specifications Excellent problem solving skills including the ability to debug Excellent written and verbal communication Ability to work on site in Leola, Pennsylvania Beneficial Skills Exposure to business analysis techniques and reporting General understanding of ecommerce and order fulfillment Experience using Bootstrap S. in Computer Science preferred Compensation Overview Competitive Salary Dependent on Experience Paid Vacation Paid Holidays 401K Retirement Plan after 90 days with 3% Employer Contribution and Profit Sharing Aetna Medical Insurance $500 Deductible $10,000 Life Insurance Policy Short Term & Long Term Disability Insurance Lancaster Archery Supply is an Equal Opportunity Employer Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Information Technology: 5 years
