Responsibilities We are searching for Senior software engineers to work on software and systems integration solutions across the organization. The position will be under the direction of senior software lead engineers and architects to assist in building and maintaining flexible service oriented solutionsto meet the organization’s needs. The engineer will also work with other support teams throughout IT, internal clients and contractors throughout all stages of the SDLC. Requirements gathering, design and implementation as well as documentation and support may all be part of the daily responsibilities of the engineer. This position provides an excellent opportunity for exposure to enterprise level integration architecture and software design and development practices and methodologies. Candidates should have a strong background in computer science and strong development experience in a high level programming language, preferably the .NET framework. Strong candidates will be well versed with software design and implementation best practices, as well as an understanding of software engineering process methodologies. (i.e. source control, automated unit testing, continuous integration, etc.) Experience using and/or developing web services, particularly using Microsoft WCF and working with complex data objects/models is a must. The candidate should have a diverse technology background, excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills, and be able to comfortably and effectively communicate with a variety of different technical staff and business stakeholders. Required 3-6 years developing software solutions using .NET Experience working with a version control system (TFS preferred) Exposure to SOA principles and software design patterns. Experience in Microsoft WCF Familiarity with Entity Frameworks and Inversion of Control Frameworks (Spring.NET, NHibernate) Experience writing and consuming web services Experience writing automated unit tests and continuous integration Experience writing technical documentation (design documents, solution architecture diagrams, etc.) Outstanding analytical and problem solving skills Ability to successfully manage complex business issues Experience documenting business processes Familiarity with Financial Services, Venture Capital/Private Equity industry preferred Experience with Agile Project Management Methodologies preferred Experience with service oriented architecture and/or service buses. Job Type: Full-time Local candidates only: Arlington, VA Required experience: dot net developer: 5 years Required education: Bachelor's
